alcohol while deployed. Well, we are drying Bruce Davies a wet. Maybe
they have wow, our crew from Russians. Continue rum rations. They continue
like a drink, but you cannot drink 12 hours party. Take a watch.
If you are deployed 72 days out of court, then the beer ration is
two beers per day per sailor. Once it's a few days to check the records
for the fleet that you're in to ensure according the right day,
and that it's two beers per day per person. And then when you pull
in, the clock starts over again. Certainly you can drink when you're
out walking country. If you go over to Naples, you pulled it in. You
certainly can be careful, but, uh, you can certainly trade while
out robing in its form and showing the flag.